# BAR-ideas

I started to have a bunch of ideas on BAR. I still have yet to really play it, but I've played a lot of TA when I was a kid (I bought it the day it came out and itt was greatly anticipated by me. I just LOVED the centerfold in my pc(?) gamer mag). so, meanwhile I'm not yet playing the game, I get to just dream about the game. the game exists for me as a sort of imagination of what it's like by watching others play it and/or cast it. I'll play it some time eventually, as I'm not really that worried on that. however, I've wanted to create a RTS pretty much all of my life. I wrote a primitive 2d, canvans-based version when I was up at mom's house in bilbao and arrasate (and sometimes in madrid). I've been fascinated with the idea of bringing bots to life with a set of symbolic commands that are *human readable*. what I mean by that, is that traditionally an AI is kind of a black-box in the sense that you don't really understand (in a symbolic form) how the intelligence is operating, yet it seems to perform properly. as an example, if I trained an AI to do a XOR gate, I'd always get out the correct answer, but there's no way to ask the AI what its *logic* is for getting to the answer. therefore, for me, the idea of creating a RTS game is actually one of the ways that one makes an environment where that sort of thing becomes not only possible, but will produce the best-performing bots.

I have, since then, expanded the idea of *just* an RTS to much more than that, especially since I've played WoW, DOTA, xcom, and HS. I'll just write my ideas down as they come to me. I'm a bit chaotic, and nothing stays the same, and I forget to constantly update concepts as they get out of date.

ideas: [uncategorised](/uncategorized.md)

a really weird movie I was trying to figure out and it's notes were also open in the same editor. it's so difficult to figure out what's going on in this movie, and without visual colour cues, everyone looks the same to me (the two brothers, and the two wives): [dementia 13](/dimentia-13.md)
