# bar-ideas

### area effects

I like the "area mex" idea, but sometimes the circle will also have some mexes that cannot be reached (high up on hill or behind river -- see first map as an example). therefore, it'd be nice to have the ability to "draw" the area much like you can with the tilde button: draw the outline of the area, and then it'll close the area automatically with a straight line.

the next thing that would be really cool to have is to set area effects for attack, that way a unit can be told to attack anyone coming into that area.

finally, I think area effects shmould be the default for most commands. for example, if I want to reclaim a part of my base, I have to go and click on each building individually; however, if I can just draw the area that I want to reclaim (or simply swipe across some buildings), that would be a lot easier.

### everything costs energy

this is an idea more for the future, but all actions (moving, shooting, reclaiming) costs some amount of energy. this makes it so that large scale battles actually require a good power infrastructure (or a significant amount of energy storage) to be successful.

### small things

- when a map is downloading, it should disable/grey out the "start" button and show a progress bar of the download, then enable/green the button
- also, after pressing "start", there is also quite a bit of lag between when it starts and when the button is pressed, however the interface shows no confirmation that the button has been pressed (like changing the text to "starting" and disable the button).
- the top metal/energy bars should say "sharing metal/energy" unless there's nobody to share it to before saying "wasting energy"
- when observing, the resource bars on the top right are really small and hard to see. also I'm not sure what's happening, but the font seems to be clipped.
  - it'd be cool to be able to resize those even, for casters to show the economic situation of both teams a little easier

### bigger ideas (not fully thought out)

- patrol area (have units move around in an area, with attempt to spead out such that the whole area is visible)
- multiple area commands (with priority).
  - also ability to tell units to run away (or take some other defensive stance) under some conditions (like enemies enter into an area).
- I want to build my base layout without a cons, then as cons are built they'll just automatically build those buildings (instead of individually commanding them to build).
  - this has a problem with building a building really far away and all the cons try to go to do that, so probably it'd be best to make cons have a working area (defined by you when starting, this is "my" base?), and all cons just build things automatically in that area unless otherwise commanded.
  - this allows me to plan out (ahead of time) a few different base "modules" (blueprints) which I can just slap down (like say 4 kbot labs with nanoturrets behind them)
  - the minute the constructor is built, it just goes about to the (highest priority -> nearest) item to be built.
  - all buildings that don't have requisite (like T3 cons), have some sort of indicator saying that requisites aren't met yet.

### 2023-03-28 17:33 - supplies, economics, and tactics

one of the things that I want to do is somehow fuse bar and coi together. right now, it's called metal and energy, but obviously not *all* of the creation is metal; in fact, some may be electronics and stuff. supcom gets around this in a very clever way by calling it "mass" instead of metal. I always envisioned that as assembling individual atoms (think charging them up so they're anything from hydrogen to the heaviest of elements -- and mass is just like a prototype atom waiting to be infused with "energy"). I like that concept.

one of the things that I drempt of in coi was the idea of going all the way from trucks and iron, copper, and limestone mountains, all the way to building a commander, in which one would get to a bar-like interface where now you're a command you you have all of these production resources on the factory in the island to pump out robots and stuff. the system was basically the same, where you'd go from trucks to small flying drones, to nano bots, all the way to per-atom assembly. once things are built on nano/atomic scale, then construction could happen "on the field" like in TA.

therefore, I've been trying to figure out how to make a bridge between bar/TA and coi, and (even though mass is the obvious solution) it still got me thinking about another game that's influenced my thinking which is xcom. they use "supplies" -- a generic way to define something like "mass" does. however when thinking about the gameplay, I noticed that xcom is a perfect way to "train" or build up combat tactics for the individual units: imagine a bunch of battlefield moments where the units manouveres are less than optimal you load up that scenario, and then turn-based go thruogh the steps that the unit should take in an optimal combat. the symbols/commands/movements that this mode produces will get stored into the "brain" of the unit of that same type out on the battle field and they'll be able to start doing things like dodge stots, shoot in a more optimal aiming, jukes and things like that. obviously units with bigger brains will perform better as they're able to pick the symbol/action/movement set that best matches their situational goal.

### 2023-04-01 21:47 - spectator mode

it's important to have a mode in the game where you can inspect other people's battles. one of the thing that I loved so much about DOTA was the ability to connect up to games and view them.

a few weeks ago I had this revelation about games that I wrote up tto thijs in a comment on his video. in it, I envisioned a sort of tavern where players can interact with other players.. the thing is that I didn't really explain the idea very well, bevause I realise tthat what I "see" inside of my head isn't what others suredly have been able to see (vvisually).

in a social location, you need to have a syntax for interaction. one of the ways to do that is to give everyone a profile and to make it easy for them to interact socially, in the context of whatt it is that they're playing togther. like -- it needs to be the place that the players hang out.

the playerz club is where all of tthe players hang out and interact with each other. in the same way that playwrites could show off their plays, it's a place to share and boast about their feats.

the thing that I learned about the illiad, is that the heros all have this glory -- but that glory can only exist if there's a place to see the players show off their best efforts and stuff. it's super cheezy, I know -- but like just think maverick and ice man --- what sort of bro competition do you think was going on in all thatt top gun. [bites teeth in imitation of ice man playing ice man] even up into the vollyball scene, it's this giant competition between the two of them. the thing is, maverick can't see the compettion between him and ice man because he's all emotional and shit (blinded by love). what you gatta do, is you gatta be close to each other -- but not like you're homo, you know cause that's a sign of weakness. to explain how ridiculous that movie is, wwil require a bit of explanation: it's a fallacy of offset of centre off of the dialectic^: you can trust your bros because you're life is actually on the line with them <-> you don't want to actually care for the other guy to outtwardly because you're "heterosexual". neither is a side I would ever want to be on myself. I'm pure selifshness because I just choose to care about how I feel instead of any of that. the thing for me is that I just love the idea of expansion so much. it's just such a great feeling to see something become created is my ultimate pleasure. for me, I don't feel any of these emotions that I just typed out. I'm just being an actor by putting myself into their (in my opinion) innefficient and insufficcient froms of looking at reality.

I'm actuaally not talking about me doing this social network idea at all, becausse I don't like it. earlier during the match I'm  watching of SleppinJimmy,   there's this idea that I'd rathar to do instead: the game has a lua interface to it, and what I want to do is to get the interface to call their LuaUI programatically. I then want to write a nodejs program to write the lua code for me. I'll eventually connect it to my keyboard, so the LuaUI envirwonment will eventually become the way that I interact with my PC, I'm sure. it' my sort of entry into the network I'll create. I'll explain. as I create strategies for the units, I'll need to store "brains" into a location, because the brain will be the collective set of symbolic strategies for that unit. that brain needs to be stored somewhere, so eventually the bar ui wwill have some sort of key/value storage. I think it'd be really more fun to make that brains network. see what I'm saying? for me it's really fun because I have a very robotic brain.

---

I'll tell you my "secret" if you want to think of it like that: if I ccan create my own reality, and since we seem to have the ability to move seamlessly between timelines just by believing something -- so I use it to my advantage. I'll tell you a story: you can imagine a future where we eventually go back to influence our past selves communicating with organs that the human body has which aren't in the physical spectrum. they're purely vibrational structures so an autopsy would never see anything of such because they're organs that are present, only when the person is alive. (I suppose they're probably in UV or in x-ray) so then combine that with the notion that one frequency spectrum of an atom is its position in space; another in time. therefore, all these organs can be influenced from any future time. this means that you can kind of go back and optimise your own past. another advantage is to realise that you'll probably have a super artificial cognition in the form of senses that we cannot recognise. now, for the testimoy: I experience senses that are not physical -- and, if they're not physical, then that means they can be tampered from another point in time. we're all going to become our own worst "enemies", because we'll sabotage and "fuzz" each others (and our own) interaction with these senses. the thing is, because they're not physical, they can't be directly interacted with I suppose -- though, you can imagine thatt, all one has to do is to assume that's true and you'll get extra sensory data. welome to the war! so, it could get a little hilarious. I don't suppose that I'll have sabotaged anyone, as for me, things are always opt-in, but for me, I really like having my "nosebook". I can imagine that this is precisely what I would be doing to myself. for me, it's maximum embarrassment, to maximum next difficult thing, and so fourth until I get really good. what I mean is, I'll be harder on myself vibrationally from the future looking back, going to "optimise my run" as much as possible. in fact, I'm pretty sure tthat it's like a sort of simulation that we're speedrunning (or some other maximum competition). the person that can blast through the most "contrast" is the fastest frequency person -- but you gatta be able to take tthe heat, right. by being the first to discccover this thing about myself means that I've got it the "worst" -- meaning I'm now getting all of my future resistance efforts, but all of yours as well. I'm always the heaviest load.

---

so anyway, the thing I liked about DOTA is the spectator mode. what I'd really love is that I can watch SlippinJimmy right there inside of the game -- then, I promise I'll start watching games like I did DOTA :) it'd be really cool if there were a while lot of other things (kinda like twitch) with the ability for viewers to interact. it needs to at least have a chat , and the ability for the viewers to bet, commentate, and view the battles. you know, I see this whole thing mostly from the observer's perspective. I'm not *that* suspicious of an observer -- but I would imagine they're up to *something*. we are also computers, you know? imagine what it'll be like to program ourselves from the future? I figure that the most energetic way to go about it is, to not give the super interace to boost forward (thouh you can if you want) because I have so much inertia that it's not a good plan to go boosting forward, so I'm sure that I'll "attack" myself from the future, not to boost but to further try and slow down as much as possible. I always elect to go the slowest and surestt. I don't really have time to be a hot shot. I'm too good at feeling the way I want to feel now, that it's just to easy to correct now that I just keep it steady and next logical step/state -- and when I say state, I mean mental statte which is basically how good I feel. I really don't like feeling too good. I like feeling my worst, but because I have such low resistance to things, I'm basically ni the receptive mode all the time. I have no need to feel good, so I feel xo goods all the time, which means I just go the way of the least effort. for me I like just doing my own thing and staying alone. it's not that I'll always be a part, but I don't yet feel comfortable in a traditionally social context yet. I'm becoming more and more unrelatable by the minuete and the thing is that the medium is what matters, and games are just my kind of medium: you start with infinite everything, and *then* add more code to try and hold the player back from their goals and resources. that's the way I see myself btw: I have to find the ways to the goals and resources the fastest possible is one way of looking at the other side of the concept of who I (and you) are.

the way we watch each other iss a great way to become conscious of yourself and to create your identity. personally, I've always interfaced with the internet in the from of many identities, because I like the idea of seeing the internet from multiple points of view. I have three or four different personalities for some reason. I don't really have any idea why, so I guess we tcaan call talk it out.

first, you have hamsternipples. he was the identity of the guy that discovered "former white hat". it was a pretty crazy experience. there were other users on the wordpress and we actually talked between each other. it wasn'tt really what the crazy guy fwh was saying -- and unfortunately none of their names are coming to mind, but itt was a great place for me to vent my difficulties that I had with life and femaless in general. I remember there were a surprising number of girls in the comments. I'd try to write some of the most absurd and ridiculous stuff that I could think about. I believe I was drunk fro nearly every one of the comments I'd made. there was a treasure trove of good stuff in there, and I always wanted to keep a backup of all the contents. I did it by creating a program in an app called meteor -- a MongoDB sorta reactinve interface into a database. that I thought was really cool, because I just loved being able to put data right into the interface (real-time feedback into the data with some queries), only needing to put in the things that I wanted to see sorta interface, and so I saved all of those crazy fwh posts on to there, and then left those in a computer that never made it to the USA. what a crazy place for me to kinda grow as a person. I remember he could somehow type a response to all of our commentss every few days, and then disappear again for another few days. I mean, who knows: it could be all complete nonsense (and I truely believe it was) but at least some kind of intelligent noah-level shit. I'm so gullible I'll believe almost anything -- at that time ,because of drugs, but now it's because I have such low resisttance, so I have to kind of have a good connection to by feelings and intuition and stuf because I'm so unbelievable at how much nonsense I'll believe just because I don't feel bad about it. tits the way that you see the world in the sense that I end up just barreling through life at a million miles an hour, so I just keep finding a way to feel good again (ie, to recover quickly). I pride myself in my ability to feel the way that I want to feel *when I'm by myself*, but I have no idea how I'll be with people in real iife. I notice that's true more and more for people, as we're starting to become more independent. we only really want to be in physical contact with a select few -- and there needs to be a way to interface with others without having to meet physically; and then the physical encounters, those ones can be optimised so that they're more connected feeling. it's a natural transition when large groups of people start to have too polarised of differences between each other (like anything that could produce a war), and so when the intestity of physical/emotional pressure starts to become great, and neither side of the battle is actually wanting to start lose everything (cause each side has ammassed so much), it diffuses a lot of tension to break up into like-minded groups. it eventually leads to full-scale individuality, as the group becomes cohesive enough to form into a single unit with an interface to the outside. that's actually what happens when a plasma congeals into one of the other three states of matter. we do it socially as well.

so really, what we want to be able to do is to have a place where people can hang out and encourage each other through their whatever. the internat is a great place to do it because we're able to feel a bit more free and honest because there's an extra layer between me and those  other people. we interact with a syntaxx, and so ttherefore we can cooperate with each other better. we do this primarily be spectating others. we're all spectators, and one of the most interesting thing that I've learned being in my situation is that it's really interesting when people can see where I'm looking and what I'm giving my attention to. being spectated is actually an improving experience. what has been the most fun for me actually is that I don't really get a whole lot of feedback from anyone else. what that's really done is to just let me be in my own world. one of the ingteresting ideas about this is, I want to just play the game, and as I go along, I'll find more different stats for the game. I won't ever really be playing anyone accept for myself cause I only have an http proxy to the internet, meaning that I'm only ever battling myself.

OH, I never really thought about it, but I'm actually writing two different lua modules (maybe more): one is the interaction with the interface because my mouse isn't working in the game, and then once I'm able to beatt the AI on hardest mode I'll find a way to make my own AI that kills me. that approach is not from the interface perspective -- but from a *blind* programatic perspective of the game. like the one that accesses the interface is essentially a replacement for myself. kenny is just a NodeJS server out there somewhere, right and then there's an interface which will have some controls on it for me to actually play the game (against the AIs) and by recording those things, I want to turn those into symbolic situations and appropriate actions to be sort of AI templates for the AI that I'll write to be able to add to the game as opponents. it's like a symbiotic relationship between the two. in the end, I guess then we could meet, not in real-life, but eventually with rival AIs -- never person to person. that'd be crazy, right? everyone loves a good rival compettion, right? imagine, instead of interacting with me, you're upset that my AI exploited the water passage unexpectedly (though, I guess from an AI perspective it is obvious). you know, another fun thing about writing an interface like that is that I'll have perfect micro. I can individually "control" each one of my units by giving them a brain. actually , check this out: what if all my units had a brain that automatically promotes the unit to captain (giving control to the brain of that unit to give commands to other units). I don't use a mouse, so this isn't a feature for me -- but I like thinking about it -- so imagine that you control just the one unit, microing him around incoming rockets and around metal wreckage and stuff, like the commandos game or something, and then the other units just behave like he does, following and staying in formation or gorilla warfare (or whatever posture). that's a really cool feature I'd want to have if I had a mouse,, let me tell you.

### 2023-04-02 00:07 - symbolic commander

this is a standalone electron package with your basic server setup to build a vue interface and dislay things in it. I connect in node to the spring server over some kind of socket connecttion. I put the datas that I want into the interface with a number of queries. I want to make a number of buttons and stuff that I can press which perform actions inside of the game -- like select all idle cons inside screen. one hand is on my mouse, which is moving the screen and has zoom capability.  my other hand is pressing the touchscreen in front of me on the electron app sending commands there. I never clock in any units with my mouse. I suppose the buttons can perhaps be bound to camera hotkeys like "look at main action" or "look at group 1" etc. I suppose also, it both could be controlled by one or more people: one watcher and others executing commands based on the data they're querying from the game like current metal/energy stats and telling cons to do things like build fusions or metal extractors, etc. this style of interface jives with me alot because js is dynamic so I can alter my interface code as I play the game. in a sense, after a while all things will become so automatic, that in the end, I'm not even watching the game, but programming the entire time. just responding blindly (ie without game graphics) to conditions and situations as queried by my interface.
